Improve tutorials reading flow (#722)
dynamiqs/dynamiqs: docs/documentation/basics/time-dependent-operators.md

- `values`: the constant values $(c_0, \ldots, c_{N-1})$ for each time interval, of shape _(..., N)_,
- `array`: the array defining the constant operator $O_0$, of shape _(n, n)_.

> To construct a PWC operator, these three arguments must be passed to the [`dq.pwc()`][dynamiqs.pwc] function, which returns a [`TimeArray`][dynamiqs.TimeArray] object. When called at some time $t$, this object then returns an array with shape _(..., n, n)_. For example, let us define a PWC operator with two evenly-spaced pieces:

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```suggestion
To construct a PWC operator, these three arguments must be passed to the [`dq.pwc()`][dynamiqs.pwc] function, which returns a [`TimeArray`][dynamiqs.TimeArray] object. When called at some time $t$, this object then returns an array with shape _(..., n, n)_. For example, let us define a PWC operator $H(t)$ with constant value $H(t)=3\sigma_z$ for $t\in[0, 1[$ and $H(t)=-2\sigma_z$ for $t\in[1, 2[$ :
```
